Implement revert (#74)
ethereum/fe: spec/index.md

11 <= 11
```

> ### 4.2.4 `revert` expression

Reviewer: I think we should refer to `revert` as a statement

Author: Ah, you are absolutely right. Will change.

> **<sup>Syntax</sup>**\
> _RevertExpression_ :\
> &nbsp;&nbsp; `revert`<sup>?</sup>

> The `revert` expression is a way to trigger exceptionsfunction is another way to trigger exceptions from within other code blocks to flag an error and revert the current call. The function takes an optional string message containing details about the error that is passed back to the caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `revert` statement is a way to trigger exceptions from within other code blocks to flag an error and revert the current call. The function takes an optional string message containing details about the error that is passed back to the caller.
```

The revert expressions is denoted with the keyword `revert`. Evaluating a `revert`
expression will cause to revert all state changes made by the call and return with an revert error to the caller.

An example of a `revert` expression:

```
def transfer(to : address, value : u256):
    if not self.in_whitelist(to):
        revert

>   # more logic here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # more logic here
```
